Add SENTRY_ENV to deployment (#195)
FlowFuse/helm: helm/flowforge/README.md

 - `forge.telemetry.posthog.apikey` enables posthog logging if set (not default)
 - `forge.telemetry.posthog.apiurl` sets posthog target host (default `https://app.posthog.com`)
 - `forge.telemetry.posthog.capture_pageview` (default `true`)
 - `forge.telemetry.sentry.frontend_dsn` enables sentry reporting if set (default unset)
 - `forge.telemetry.sentry.backend_dsn` enables sentry reporting if set (default unset)
 - `forge.telemetry.sentry.production_mode` rate limit reporting (default `true`)

>  - `forge.telemetry.sentry.environment` set as SENTRY_ENV environment variable (default unset)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `forge.telemetry.sentry.environment` set SENTRY_ENV environment variable, which overrides NODE_ENV for the reported environment (default unset)
```
